Add headers for sending and receiving messages (#37)
strimzi/client-examples: README.md

* `USER_KEY` - the user's private key
* `LOG_LEVEL` - logging level  
* `PRODUCER_ACKS` = acknowledgement level

> * `HEADERS` = custom headers for sending messages

Reviewer: as for your implementation you should mention that it's a list separated by commas of key=value

Author: Will do!

Author: Will do!

> * `HEADERS` = custom headers list separated by commas of `key=value` 

Reviewer 2: better to have a full example

```suggestion
* `HEADERS` = custom headers list separated by commas of `key1=value1,key2=value2` 
```

Author: You are right! Thanks.

* `CA_CRT` - the certificate of the CA which signed the brokers' TLS certificates, for adding to the client's trust store
* `USER_CRT` - the user's certificate
* `USER_KEY` - the user's private key
* `LOG_LEVEL` - logging level

> * `HEADERS` = custom headers for receiving messages  

Reviewer: tbh I don't understand what does HEADERS means for consumer. The consumer receives headers, it doesn't specify any key-value pair as for the producer that set headers when sending messages.

Author: Yeah sorry, it's just a draft, I wanted to try that.

Author: And when I was going through the code I saw that we don't need to specify that :) thanks
